THIS FILM IS A WORK OF FICTION.
ANY RESEMBLANCE TO ACTUAL PERSONS,
COMMUNITIES, RELIGIONS, CITIES OR NATIONS
IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL AND UNINTENDED.
The tsunami occurred as a result of
a 9.1 to 9.3 magnitude earthquake,
- which caused massive tsunami waves…
- Remote areas were blocked by debris.
Responders will continue
monitoring the affected areas.
- We’ll return to you shortly…
- A tsunami struck the coastline
just minutes after a massive earthquake
shook the region.
Many residents have gone missing.
Huge waves, several meters tall…
I got this photo from Mr. Panji.
He was a SAR officer assigned to Banten.
Out of 29 posts in Banten…
DONATION DRIVE FOR VICTIMS OF
THE BANTEN EARTHQUAKE AND TSUNAMI
…our main focus
is near the Al Mahsyar mosque.
It's only been five days
since the earthquake and tsunami hit,
and the victim's trauma
is still deeply felt.
They must face a new reality.
DONATION DRIVE FOR VICTIMS OF
THE BANTEN EARTHQUAKE AND TSUNAMI
Trauma of losing a parent.
Some of us
view disaster photos like these
the same way we view the disaster images
we usually see online.
Nothing more.
Because it's not happening
before our eyes.
But…
Our support, no matter how small,
will help them realize
that they are not alone.
If you would like to help,
you can send your donation to the address
on the screen, or…
give cash to be collected here.
Thanks for your attention!
HELP THE VICTIMS OF THE BANTEN TSUNAMI SO
THEY CAN LIVE DECENTLY AND HAPPILY AGAIN
DONATION DRIVE FOR VICTIMS OF
THE BANTEN EARTHQUAKE AND TSUNAMI
Mom, this is the last box.
The storage room is empty now.
No, it's fine. I'll handle your clothes.
Why don't you sort out your old toys?
I have set them aside,
maybe you want to keep some.
Alright.
- So, we're working together…
- Mom, Dad's on TV!
with Banten Provincial Government to make
sure all support is well received.
He seems to have changed his hair.
Well…
But he still looks charming.
- You kept my old drawings?
- Let me see!
Here!
Oh right!
I thought you threw them away.
Why would I?
It's adorable,
a memory from when you were little.
You once came home crying
after your teacher said to you,
"We never know
which sin
might keep us from crossing the Sirat,
then we'll fall to hell." He said.
- Peace be upon you.
- Peace be upon you too.
Dad?
I will be at the post tomorrow.
Dad are you in?
I don't know.
Hey guys, I just survived the tsunami.
I'm alive but…
they can't save my son.
Azka!
Help, please save my son!
Please send a rescue team, immediately!
To Asah Village!
Dad…
Look at this!
I found my old drawings here!
Look, Dad! I drew the three of us!
- We cross the Sirat bridge…
- Hey.
Yes?
I've made a huge mistake.
Dad!
Where are you going?
Are you leaving again?
Yes, I have to do something!
Go to sleep first, don't wait up for me!
Alright!
Give me the key!
Thanks.
No need, I'll only be a moment.
Sorry Sir, but protocol must be followed.
I'm required to escort you everywhere.
I'll take a rest, then.
Arya!
- What's wrong, Dad?
- Arya…
Can you do me a favor?
Stop there!
What's wrong, Sir?
It's out there.
Oh right, I almost forgot it!
- Thanks, Sir!
- Be careful, Mr. Arya.
Hello?
Dad, we are safe now.
Where are we going?
To our old house.
Is this… because of your mistake?
It's not only a mistake, Arya…
it's a great sin!
I already…
We're entering the toll road, aren't we?
Here… it goes in here.
I'll do it, you just drive.
Dad.
Dad!
Mom?
Arya! Arya!
Mom, where is Dad?
Calm down, okay?
- I want to see him, Mom!
- I know.
- Where is he now?
- Arya, can you stay calm?
Arya, I need you to be strong, okay?
He…
He was buried yesterday.
We have to accept it, okay?
- No way.
- Hey, no…
- Don't be like this.
- No way.
- I want to see him.
- Arya.
- Arya don't be like this…
- Where is he now?
- Arya.
- I want to see Dad.
- He was right next to me.
- He is gone.
- I want to see Dad. Where is he now?
- He is gone!
He isn't here.
- It was me. He died because of me.
- No, Arya, listen to me.
I need you to be strong, okay?
- He died because of me.
- No, Arya!
Let him go, okay?
I'm still here with you!
Peace be upon you!
The culprit who hit Malik
has been arrested!
He admits it was his fault
and he was drowsy.
I'll make sure justice runs its course,
until he gets what he deserves.
This one… I'm not comfortable saying it.
The government wants to revoke
all of Malik's facilities.
But if you or Arya still need time…
Take your time. I can handle it all.
It's fine.
Arya and I do not deserve it either.
Maybe the facilities
should go to the new deputy minister.
And that is why Malik
defied protocol that night.
Had he and Arya
gone with the escort,
none of this would have happened.
Arya just woke up.
So, I can't bring myself
to ask about that night.
- So…
- No, it's okay!
Sorry, I've got to head out now.
My deepest condolences
from the bottom of my heart.
I feel such a great loss.
Please call me if you and Arya
need some help! Okay?
I'm serious.
Yes, thank you so much!
Hello!
Panji!
Sorry, I just arrived.
I was searching for
missing people yesterday.
It's okay, really it's fine.
How's Arya now?
Arya…
He just woke up.
- Praise be to God.
How about you?
I don't know.
I don't feel anything.
In my mind, Malik is still alive.
I'm waiting for him to come home from work
to meet me and Arya.
Maybe this can…
Malik gave me this less than a month ago.
And I realize now
that this was his last gift.
You once told me,
don't step into the "field", huh?
If you want to be
a medical volunteer again, just say so.
It might help you through this.
No, Panji, I can't go back.
That's the first place we met.
A man that genuine…
H-How I did not see it?
He did all this because…
he was saying goodbye forever.
It's just too soon, Panji.
It's…
Even knowing our loved ones will leave….
We're never ready.
What we must remember is…
everything has its time.
Thank you.
Thank you for being a good friend for me.
Mrs. Laras, please come with me.
Sure.
Call me whenever you need.
Yeah.
Happy Birthday, Mom.
What are you doing?
- What is it?
- Happy Birthday, Mom.
This is to replace me, when I'm gone.
Wow, you really surprised me, huh?
Wait, wait, let me see!
- Let me join. I want a hug too.
- Thanks for the surprise.
Happy birthday, honey.
- Thank you.
- Happy Birthday, Mom.
Arya.
Dad.
Help me!
Mom!
Arya! Arya!
Arya, what's wrong?
I saw Dad here, Mom!
- And there was blood right here.
- Arya.
And I saw him here wounded, Mom…
- Arya!
- He was…
He was wounded
and he asked me for help, Mom!
- H-He was there…
- Arya, please wake up.
It's just a dream!
Just a dream!
I know it must be hard for you…
but you have to let him go.
BORN: JUNE 1, 1978
DIED: DECEMBER 26, 2018
Each time…
I spoke with Dad.
There was always more I longed to say.
But I kept holding it back.
So I apologize…
If I could only say it now.
I'm proud to be your son.
BORN: JUNE 1, 1978
DIED: DECEMBER 26, 2018
I've learned so much from you.
and I'm still learning to be a good man.
Honest.
Genuine.
Thank you for everthing, Dad.
Let's go now!
Peace be upon you, honey.
Peace be upon you.
I'm leaving now, Dad.
OUR DEEPEST CONDOLENCES
Okay.
- Help!
- Help me…
- Help me, Arya…
- Dad.
Arya.
Arya! What happened, dear?
Mom… Dad, Mom…
Mom. That night
when I had the accident with Dad…
He led us to our old house…
He said he wanted to fix his great sin.
- His great sin?
- Yes, that's what he said.
We have to go there, Mom,
so he can rest in peace.
Arya.
If this house is connected to Dad's sin,
what did he do here?
What was he hiding here?
Arya!
Mom…
Whose money is this?
Is all this money?
TOTAL AMOUNT OF DONATIONS:
292,000,000,000 RUPIAH
I found this in his desk.
I don't understand…
You talked about a video…
What do you mean?
IT staff reported this…
A tsunami victim in Banten
uploaded a video to Facebook.
He was asking for help,
as soon as possible.
He's trapped beneath a building…
isolated.
He is from Asah village.
Asah village?
Still alive, huh?
- Tell IT staff to report the video.
- Understood, Sir!
And one more thing…
Keep an eye on social media
and make sure no similar videos get out.
- Understood, Sir!
- Wait, wait, let me see first.
For what?
Have you completed
the expense report for Asah Village yet?
That report is very important.
With it, people will see…
We've provided aid to that village.
Nobody will ask…
Then we can take the funds more easily.
Hey!
Do it now, hurry!
Okay?
- Are you done?
- Yes, Sir.
- Afternoon, Sir!
- Afternoon!
Let me see the video!
Has Mr. Alim approved it?
You work under me.
Send it to my email now.
Well…
This is the aid fund for Asah village…
Only the first phase has been released.
These are the reports for the next phase…
Two…
Three…
He has prepared it all.
Wait, wait, I don't get it.
Dad didn't make false reports, did he?
You heard it yourself, right?
Mr. Alim, your Dad,
all of them planning to take
the aids fund, even from Asah Village.
Impossible.
A mistake…
The mistake?
This is the mistake he hid from us.
I don't believe he would do this…
This isn't him!
Then what are these?
And all that money in packs?
That's the first phase of the aid.
Here are last week's transfer proof…
But look, these don't match…
- Mom…
- He made all of these, right?
We don't know the facts.
Please don't accuse him.
- It was him!
- We don't know. Didn't you hear it?
- Alim manipulated Dad.
- Arya, that money is here.
In Dad's house, in our house!
He didn't say anything to us
- about this!
- He can't because he is dead!
I can't believe you don't trust him.
This is all Alim's doing.
Malik…
Beautiful.
Let me see it.
Are you happy now?
Help! Help me!
Help me!
Careful.
Slowly, relax now.
Feet first, careful.
The buckle.
Relax, Sir… I'll help you.
Slowly.
- I will help you.
- Help…
- Come with me, Sir. Be careful.
- Okay.
Easy.
Ahmad, Jiyat!
Come in.
Here, Sir.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
Thank you, Sir.
Where are you from?
Asah village.
No aid has come to my place.
I have been searching
for my wife all alone.
Is she your wife?
Yes, she is.
I just want to rest for a moment, Sir.
I want to burry my wife in her place.
Alright, let me help you with that.
Thank you, Sir.
- Jiyat?
- Yes?
Treat his wound here.
Yeah.
- Ahmad!
- Yes, Sir?
Hmm?
- Got the list of active SAR members?
- Yes, Sir.
- Give me the list for Asah village.
- Copy that, Sir.
Excuse me, Sir.
Can you move?
Here.
- You may continue.
- Got it.
Excuse me…
Why don't I recognize anyone here?
Are you threatening me with these reports?
I have a recording of you and Dad.
Planning to steal Asah village funds.
I'm not here to threaten you.
I just need to know why he was involved.
I know it was you
who asked him
to hide the first phase of the aid funds.
Do you think these are mine?
Yeah, it's all written down on paper.
It's was all your dad!
Don't accuse him!
I know he was an honest person.
Want somenthing to drink?
Coffee, tea, or milk?
Don't be so naive!
It didn't take long for him,
a public official, to become one of us.
I know he was wrong…
But he wasn't you.
- He regreted it.
- Wrong?
I'm lost on what "wrong" even is!
Oh right, you're not married yet.
No wife, no kids.
One day, you will get it.
There's nothing wrong with a man
wanting to make his family happy.
What do you mean?
Sit!
Arya? Let's have lunch!
Arya!
Did you go see Alim?
My car.
Your necklace.
Dad bought them
with Asah village aid funds.
I can't believe he was this cruel!
Everything he taught me was useless.
We need to open this case, Mom.
I don't care what people think about him
but every official, even Alim,
must face justice.
Well, okay!
What's next?
What if this case blows up?
Then the government knows…
It means…
his sin will stay forever.
Let's fix what he started
to make it right.
Okay?
Alright.
What for?
Why fix the mistakes of a thief?
Because he is still your dad.
Come on, just trust me!
- Let's count together, Arya!
- Whoa, I can see it!
One, two, three! Surprise!
- Wait, Dad… Is this the model I wanted?
- Yes.
- Whose is this, Dad?
- Yours, not the neighbor's!
- Really? It's mine?
- Yeah.
- Thank you so much, Dad!
- It's yours!
Let me try.
No way, it's the model I wanted!
- Is it really mine?
- It's yours!
Just like you wanted, right?
- Can I try it out?
- Here.
- Let's go. Try it now.
- Now?
- Right now. Come on.
- Let's go!
This is awesome! It's so fast.
- Look at that.
- I can feel the power.
Even uphill, no problem, Dad.
- Always safe, always strong!
- Even the acceleration feels solid.
Yeah.
I know you've wanted this for a long time.
How did you know? You checked my gallery?
Of course. How could I not know you?
- Wow. Nice.
- Wow! This is great!
I shouldn't have done that to them.
What do you mean?
Who are they, Dad?
W-Wait…
Dad, why did the car stop?
Dad?
- Help!
- Dad!
Who are you?
- Please help me, Arya!
- Dad!
- Please don't, Dad!
- Help me!
Please don't, Dad! Dad!
Dad!
When each of us
is returned to the Hereafter
He keeps the soul of the dead with Him,
and returns the soul of the living
to their body.
These are special dreams,
granted only by Allah SWT.
Dreams where the souls of the dead
and the souls of the living may meet.
These dreams happen
when the dead want to send a message
or ask for help regarding
unfinished matters in the world.
Mom…
I dreamed about him last night…
Me too.
In my dream…
He asked me to help.
He asked me to help him cross over.
Maybe he meant…
the bridge of Shiratal Mustaqim.
This is why after the accident…
I saw that bridge in my dream.
It’s our duty as a family
to finish his debts and responsibilities.
We're all he has left.
I found his video.
‪Look.
I'm still alive but…
They couldn't save my son.
Azka!
I'm here all alone!
Please save my son!
Please send a rescue team, immediately!
To Asah Village.
Azka!
If we do this…
Can Dad’s sin still be forgiven?
Or is it too late now?
Okay, based on the sermon I just watched…
Before the Day of Judgment…
Every soul is placed in the grave, right?
But their sin can still be forgiven.
If we complete what he left behind…
Then surely…
Dad still has a chance, right?
Yes.
Sir?
Sir, what brings you here?
Got a package for you!
Sir, haven't I seen you somewhere?
TAKE MALIK’S LEGACY OR DIE
What is it?
What should we do, Mom?
We'll move somewhere safe.
Then, I will sell my necklace.
Add it to the cash we found.
Together,
we'll buy supplies for Asah Village.
We can sell my car.
No matter the price, it just has to go.
We’ll return whatever he took from Asah.
As for the rest of
the aids funds Alim corrupted,
that business is between him and God.
- Alright, we've received it well.
- Panji…
Are you still in touch with
that friend in pharmaceuticals?
- You mean, Fattah?
- Yes, that's him!
I'll send it to you.
Where are you stationed tonight?
Post 7, why?
I'll call you later.
- If something happens…
- Relax.
Okay.
It's done.
Mom, take Merak toll road.
Okay.
Attention!
BMKG reports
that further aftershocks may continue.
If you feel any tremors,
go to an open area immediately
and stay calm. Food, medicine…
DISASTER RELIEF POST
- Sir!
- Be patient.
- One by one. Slowly, one by one.
Stay healthy, everyone.
- Yes, Ma'am.
- Thank you, Sir.
Sure.
- Come in.
- Yes.
Now, you come with me, dear.
- So, you really don't know them?
- No one?
Well okay, just go to see Mr. Ricky, then.
Okay.
Panji, I need your help!
Wait…
Where did this aid come from, Laras?
Aid funds for Asah were stolen.
Stolen?
DISASTER RELIEF POST
Malik?
Who created this fake list?
Seems like the fake expense report
he made, doesn't it?
Yeah.
That's the list for team SAR
who went to Asah.
After I checked, their names
weren't listed in BASARNAS team.
See? It's obvious now.
All of this is just a cover up!
That village never received
any aid at all.
Ten days, Sir. The quake and tsunami.
Ten long days! That village has no aid.
And now I hear
There's a high chance of another quake.
We must help them, Panji!
Otherwise, the quake will grow worse.
This would be complicated…
- Let me talk to them to help me.
- Who are "them"?
- The government!
- Are you sure?
- We can talk to Mr. Alim while he's here…
- He is involved!
Mr. Alim?
If Alim find's out
we're involved with this aid…
We're done, Panji!
He'll kill me and Arya!
He planned the next stages
of the corruption.
So, he does everything
to keep this vilage isolated.
No, no, that's too risky
to all of you, okay?
Let me and the team deliver this aid.
If Alim could plant fake names
in your team list,
he's got someone inside, doesn't he?
Sir…
Alright!
I'll get ready!
Isn't this mine?
Yeah, I found it
while you were a volunteer.
You guys can wait in the car,
I'll be right back!
- Okay.
- Let's go, Mom!
Let's go!
Hold on!
- Yay! This is nice!
- Go!
- Gosh.
- Gosh!
Yay.
- Is it good?
- Yes!
- Do you want to stay here?
- Dad!
- Sir!
- Arya, stop!
- Anyone, please help!
Don't go anywhere, okay?
Dad!
Please wake up, Dad! Dad, wake up!
Dad! Dad!
Dad?
Dad, why didn’t that girl’s father
wake up?
Arya…
Every living person will one day go…
Go where?
To the next life, the afterlife.
I don’t want you and Mom to go.
I want us to stay together forever.
I was as scared as you once…
when my father, your grandpa, died.
Before Grandpa passed, he told me…
that in the afterlife, there’s one place
where we can all be together again.
- it's called Heav--?
- Heaven.
Heaven!
In Heaven, we’ll be able
to gather and see each other again.
How do we get into Heaven?
Shh… Arya, it’s time to rest now.
I’ll tell you the full story tomorrow,
alright?
Okay.
Good night, dear!
Oh my… so focused on your drawing!
How far?
Up to the Shiratal Mustaqim Bridge, Mom.
Oh my!
Honey?
Why is this drawing about the afterlife?
Oh, it must be what happened at the park.
Well, I see…
That's great!
- What is this?
- The bridge.
Why is the bridge so big?
Isn’t Shiratal Mustaqim
supposed to be really thin like…
a strand of hair split into seven?
Why? Am I wrong?
- Tell her!
- The “split hair” is just a saying, Mom…
with little hair,
crossing the bridge is harder.
Like trying to walk on a single hair
split into seven strands.
It doesn’t mean the bridge itself
- is split into seven.
- And then?
And every person
will face their own challenges,
depending on their deeds and sins,
right Dad?
Right, you're truly right!
Arya’s wanted to learn about
the afterlife since childhood.
All this… is the ruins of Asah Village.
I believe so, yes.
No other village around here, only Asah.
Help!
Stop, stop, stop!
- Help!
- What's wrong, Mom?
Did you hear that just now?
Hello?
Help me!
What's wrong, Panji!
This morning,
the first phase of aid funds
was disbursed to the most affected areas.
And…
The report shows
the required medical and food supplies
for each location, Sir.
Okay.
Sign for this one.
And this, keep it yourself.
Why is this report different, Sir?
Why keep it?
Recovery funds for Asah Village
are 100 billion.
We can take half, but we must wait.
It always comes in stages.
The first 25 billion is already split.
You already received 2.5 billion,
didn't you?
This is different, Sir…
this is a disaster.
It's all the same.
Sit down.
I…
I’ll give 2.5 billion to Asah Village.
I don’t want to be part of this sin.
Sin? We're not stealing.
We’re just taking what’s ours.
What about the money
they never paid us back?
When the government won’t give funds,
who pays for it?
I do.
Even your money could’ve been spent.
But we’re public officials, Sir,
it’s our duty!
We sacrifice not just for the nation,
but our thoughts, our strength,
and our time.
Totally!
But people think we’re useless at our job.
It’s fine, we can’t please everyone.
Back to the issue…
We’re not stealing!
We’re only reclaiming
what’s rightfully ours.
And with that money,
we can share it again.
Problem solved! Harmony.
Mark my word.
DEPUTY MINSTER OF SOCIAL AFFAIRS
Get in!
Damn you!
Step on the gas!
Panji! Panji!
Don't!
I know that guy, Mom!
He delivered that package to us.
He’s the one who hit me and Dad.
But Alim said the culprit was arrested.
- Stop, stop!
- Stop!
How is it?
- Access is blocked.
- What?
We can't continue this way.
This is the closest access
to Asah Village.
Now, what?
How will we get there?
We’ll carry only what’s essential.
We can bring the medical supplies
and the things we need most.
Once we arrive,
we can always come back for more.
- Okay, that's the deal.
- Okay? Help me.
- It’s about to rain, we need to hurry.
- Okay!
What should we do?
Let's go straight. Let's take them all.
Okay.
Run!
Mom, come on, let's go! Mom!
- Run!
- Mom, let's go!
Mom, let's go!
Panji!
- Mom, let's go!
- Panji!
- We have to go!
- Panji…
Mom, we have to hurry! Let's go!
Let's go!
- No one is here, Arya!
- We should keep going!
Keep going, Mom! Hurry!
Come on, Mom! Come… Come on, Mom!
Come… Come on…
Come on, Mom!
Come on, Mom! Wake up, Mom!
Come… Come on…
Help.
Help me!
Hey! Let's go.
Come on!
- Lift your leg, ma’am. Okay?
- Mom.
One, two, three!
Ma'am… Come on, let me help.
Come with me, we can go! Come on!
Sit down here!
Mom!
Let's walk again!
Mom! Mom!
Come on!
Hey? Okay, okay!
Mom, what should we do?
Arya…
Mom, I think we're too late.
- Too late. There are more victims!
- Arya!
- We can’t save them all, Mom!
- Arya, listen!
So many still need us, Arya. So many!
Let’s search again!
Let's go!
Mom, someone’s there… wait!
It’s a villager, Mom!
- Sir! Sir!
- Arya.
No, he is not!
Arya, it's him!
Run!
Arya, run!
- Run!
- Get up!
Stop!
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
ASAH VILLAGE OFFICE
When the world ends,
everyone who’s died will wake up again.
Then we’ll all meet in the Mahsyar field…
There, our deeds are weighed.
Okay, now we’re crossing a bridge.
Who knows what this bridge is called?
- What is it?
- The Shiratal Mustaqim.
Did you know the Shiratal Mustaqim
is actually a scripture.
The Quran is our guide to enter heaven.
Sir, please forgive me.
I didn't come to help.
Please, forgive my father.
An anonymous Twitter thread
has gone viral.
The thread reveals alleged corruption
of Asah Village aid funds in Banten
by the Minster of Social Affairs,
Alim Budiman.
Today, the court ruled Alim not guilty
due to weak evidence.
TRIAL FOR CORRUPTION
AND DISASTER RELIEF FUNDS
The anonymous thread
also named another suspect,
Malik Pangestu.
Have you seen the news yet?
It's such a shame…
in this country, the law
can never bring down a man like me.
Because of your foolishness…
the money that was mine
went back to Asah Village.
And a fool should pay the price. Got it?
Oh, Allah…
Grant us entry into the Heavens. Amen.
Arya?
Mom!
Arya!
Where is Dad?
Dad…
Dad!
Honey!
Dad! Come on, Dad! You can do it.
That's awesome, dear!
- Oh my, your drawing it's so awesome!
- Congrats!
So, we'll gather in heaven right?
- Amen!
Having such hope is fine, Arya.
But the one who decides is only Allah.
If one day… we'll never know…
Even if we may not meet in heaven…
I want you to remember, Arya…
that I’m proud of you and so grateful
to be your dad in this world.
Come here.
Oh, he's coming… Come on!
- Dad!
- Come here!
Dad!
BELIEVERS, PROTECT YOURSELVES
AND YOUR FAMILIES FROM HELLFIRE.
QURAN 66:6
THANKS TO THE VILLAGE CHIEF
AND THE PEOPLE OF CISOMANG LEBAK BANTEN